incorrect command to add labels to node for project wide node selector (#24865)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nodes-scheduler-node-selectors-pod.adoc

With node selectors, {product-title} schedules the pods on nodes that contain matching labels.

To add node selectors to an existing pod, add a node selector to the controlling object for that node, such as
a ReplicaSet, Daemonset, or StatefulSet. Any existing pods under that controlling object are recreated on a node
with a matching label. If you are creating a new pod, you can add the node selector directly
to the pod spec.

You can add labels to a node or MachineConfig, but the labels will not persist if the node or machine goes down.
Adding the label to the MachineSet ensures that new nodes or machines will have the label.

[NOTE]
====
You cannot add a node selector directly to an existing scheduled pod.
====

> To add a node selector to existing pods, determine the controlling object for that pod.

Reviewer: I'd make this process a step instead of a prereq.

Author: It actually was a prereq.....

.Procedure

> . Add labels to a node using a MachineSet or editing the node directly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add labels to a node by using a MachineSet or editing the node directly:
```

* Use a MachineSet to add labels to nodes managed by the MachineSet when a node is created:

.. Run the following command to add a node selector to a MachineSet:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc patch MachineSet <name> --type='json' -p='[{"op":"add","path":"/spec/template/spec/metadata/labels", "value":{"<key>"="<value>","<key>"="<value>"}}]'  -n openshift-machine-api
----
+
For example:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc patch MachineSet abc612-msrtw-worker-us-east-1c  --type='json' -p='[{"op":"add","path":"/spec/template/spec/metadata/labels", "value":{"type":"user-node","region":"east"}}]'  -n openshift-machine-api
----

> .. Verify that the label is added to the MachineSet, use the `oc edit` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Verify that the label is added to the MachineSet by using the `oc edit` command:
```

+
For example:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc edit MachineSet ci-ln-l8nry52-f76d1-hl7m7-worker-c -n openshift-machine-api

Reviewer: Where did we get the MachineSet? That's not the one you patched in the previous step.

----
$ oc label nodes ip-10-0-142-25.ec2.internal type=user-node region=east
----

> .. Verify that the label is added to the node:

Reviewer: Same here - it's weird that we're adding two labels and checking one.

        node-role.kubernetes.io/worker: ''
        type: user-node <1>
----
<1> Add the node selector.

> * To add a node selector to a specific pod, add the selector to the `Pod` object directly:

Reviewer: I'd add the steps to modify the replicaset and pod.

Author: You cannot add a node selector to an existing pod directly on the controlling object.
